# House-Expenses

The purpose of this program is to help the user calculate the electricity and water consumption of a house during an hour, a day and a month. When calculating the electricity consumption, the program expects the user to first search the internet for all the electronic devices that he/she posesses, and to find the consumption in wats of each device by looking for the specific model of each device.Then the user has to manually enter the consumption of each electronic device and then the program will start calculating the total consumption in watt and kw during an hour, a day and a month. The program will also calculate the top 5 electronic devices that consume the most amount of electricity so that the user can learn which of these devices he/she should using less to save money. In the end, the program will also calculate how much money are spent on electricity throughout a day and a month.

Now when it comes to water consumption, the process is different and much simpler. Here the user does not need to know how much water is used when he/she takes a shower, a bath, or when he/she washes the dishes, takes care of the laundry etc.. so he/she does not need to search the internet for that information. The program can easily calculate the consumption in liters of each of these utilities because it uses some standard pre-defined values from the internet that are stored in a notepad file, for instance: since the average water consumption of a shower is 9 liters/minute, the program will use that value(that is stored in the notepad file) and ask the user how much time he/she spends when taking a shower, then it can easily calculate the total water consumption of that shower during a day and a month. At the end, the program will show the user the total amount of water consumed in a day and a month, and the amount of money spent on the water throughout that day and month.

The purpose of this program is just to provide an easier way for the user to calculate the water and electricity consumption and to inform the user how much money are spent on these utilities and to help the user learn which of these utilities he/she should start using less to save money. Also, thanks to the program, the user does not need to perform any matemathical operation to calculate the consumption of these utilities, the program will do that for the user.
